slogan  company
Just Do It	Nike
Got Milk?	California Milk Processor Board
Breakfast of Champions	Wheaties
The Best a Man Can Get	Gillette
There are some things money can’t buy. For everything else, there’s MasterCard.	MasterCard
Think Different	Apple
Betcha can’t eat just one	Lay’s
America Runs on Dunkin’	Dunkin’ Donuts
I’m Lovin’ It	McDonald’s
Maybe she’s born with it. Maybe it’s Maybelline.	Maybelline
Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.	State Farm
Think Outside the Bun	Taco Bell
Think Big	IMAX
Taste the rainbow	Skittles
Red Bull gives you wings	Red Bull
What’s in your wallet?	Capital One
The Quicker Picker Upper	Bounty
Shave Time. Shave Money.	Dollar Shave Club
Fly the friendly skies	United Airlines
Have it your way	Burger King
All for Freedom. Freedom for All.	Harley Davidson
Quality never goes out of style.	Levi’s
Live in your world. Play in ours.	PlayStation
The Happiest Place on Earth	Disneyland
Eat Fresh	Subway
Belong Anywhere	Airbnb
I want my MTV!	MTV
Open happiness	Coca-Cola
Because you’re worth it	L’OREAL
Is it in you?	Gatorade
Can you hear me now?	Verizon
The snack that smiles back	Goldfish
Pure Michigan	Michigan Economic Development Corporation
Every kiss begins with Kay	Kay Jewelers
I ❤️NY	Empire State Development Services
Diamonds are forever	De Beers
All the News That’s Fit to Print	The New York Times
Everywhere you want to be	Visa
It’s finger-lickin’ good	KFC
Gotta catch ’em all!	Pokemon
Easy, breezy, beautiful…	CoverGirl
Eat Mor Chikin	Chick-fil-A
Nothing runs like a Deere	John Deere
The Ultimate Driving Machine	BMW
You’re in good hands	Allstate
Save money. Live better.	Walmart
Good to the last drop.	Maxwell House
Democracy Dies in Darkness	Washington Post
Impossible is Nothing	Adidas
King of Beers	Budweiser
It keeps going, and going, and going…	Energizer
Go Further	Ford
When you care enough to send the very best	Hallmark
Obey your thirst	Sprite
Have a break. Have a KitKat.	KitKat
Where’s the beef?	Wendy’s
Don’t leave home without it	American Express
Let’s go places	Toyota
Challenge everything	Electronic Arts
Snap! Crackle! Pop!	Rice Krispies
What happens here, stays here	Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority
We try harder	Avis